# I started a website
### 2020-12-11
For years I've been planning to create a website. I was playing with
ideas on how to do it, should it be highly personal? Or maybe strictly
professional with a portfolio? I did want to show and write about the
things I do in programming, but somehow everytime I daydream about the
site it was too overwhelming to plan, and I couldn't find value in the
invested work.

I've stumbled upon Luke Smith videos on youtube
[here](https://www.youtube.com/c/lukesmithxyz), and he
inspired me to create my personal website. He was making tons of linux
and programming videos but in between there were plenty philosophical
ones - I can't say I can agree on everything, but I have respect for how
he sticks to his ideas and shows them in practice.

Main takeaways for me - Linkedin, facebook and instagram represented my
presence, but those are such awful mediums. I think everyone feels the
same, but noone can find a reason not to be there. Linkedin for example
is an endless sea of bullshit moral stories. Instagram the fakest idea
of lifestyle you could imagine. Facebook... the very active are the
craziest.

Sharing my thoughts on social networks doesn't seem to take any
attention. And I get it, I think the feeds are fatiguing, what are my
thought's if you sandwitch them between ads and fake news? I also think
that, if anyone is interested in you, they would come to visit your page
directly and take a look what's new in your life. Social networks are
not made for people to share thoughts, they are made to play with your
emotions and show you some ads.

I also have a [github account](https://github.com/gorankami), but I think I need a suplement for it, so
I beleive that will be my main focus on blog here.

The site you are looking at right now was at first created with pure
html and css. What an awful mistake. I was working on three pages, and
copy pasting header from one to another, and then I change a header on
one, forget to change to the other... you know what I mean. I did not
intend to have it like that, I planned to only start queckly. Moved it
to react anyway, it's much easier to write and faster to the user.

Anyway, thank you Luke Smith. Take a look at his work:
[https://lukesmith.xyz/](https://lukesmith.xyz/)
